I hate witches. Always spewing
their bodily fluids everywhere.
Creepy. It's downright unsanitary.
I can't hold them back.
- Hold who back?
- Leviathan.
Like Shapeshifters, only a lot more
into eating folk. Nothing can kill them.
Yes. Sam Winchester was definitely here.
I'll find out where they went.
You know me.
You know the kind of person I am.
She's dropping bodies.
Means we gotta drop her.
She killed her own mom to save me.
She's done.
You ever do something behind
someone's back because you had to?
You are what you are.
You will kill again.
I'm sorry.
Karen, don't second-guess yourself.
Yes, your house is beautiful.
But didn't you tell me a million times
it's Rick's dream house?
Selling it is how you punish his ass,
Karen.
After what you've been through,
you deserve that.
You do, honey.
I'll have the papers ready tomorrow.
Yay!
I'm proud of you.
Bye.
I'm not good. I'm very good.
- There you are.
- Thank you.
All right.
Ten minutes.
Holler if you need anything.
Chris!
Ow. Chris!
Chris! Get back here!
Chris!
Oh, my God. Somebody help!
Is she okay?
Leave me alone! I said shut up!
Just stop!
You are what you are.
You will kill again.
I won't. I swear.
- Somebody better be chasing you.
- It's good for you.
No, no. It's not good for you.
Look, you're a mess and you stink.
While you were being Lance Armstrong...
- That would be biking.
- I was working.
Heard of a town
called Prosperity, Indiana?
- Has anybody?
- Two of their fine citizens...
...died over the past two weeks.
Uh, this one chick,
she, uh, roasted...
...underneath one of those beehive
hair dryers at a hair salon.
And this other guy...
...boiled in a hot tub.
- You don't see a lot of that.
- No.
- It's worth checking out.
- Yeah.
You know, one more thing.
What's going on with you?
- We have had this conversation, Sam.
- No, we haven't.
See, to do that,
you'd have to, uh, sort of speak.
Okay. See if you can get this straight.
See, ahem, you're new Sam, right?
- Lance Armstrong.
- Biking.
And, uh, I'm still me. Okay?
All right?
So you might see things different now.
Uh, call it a runner's high
or some crap.
But that doesn't mean
that something is going on with me.
Yeah. Okay.
No. Don't say yeah, okay
like "yeah, okay."
Yeah, okay.
Yes, sir, I understand.
Yeah. I do realize this Winchester thing
has taken far too long.
I'm sorry about that.
No worries.
I can be there in a day and a half.
Yeah. I'll hit the road now.
Just stopped for a quick refuel.
Thanks.
It'd be my pleasure.
I'm sorry. I know this is a tough
time to have to talk about all this.
I've already been through it
many times with the lawyers...
...the police, insurance guys.
Right. I know, I know. We just...
We have to conduct
our own separate investigation.
Sorry. I know it's tough.
Can I ask you,
did your sister have any enemies?
Why do you ask that?
- You think her death wasn't accidental?
- No. No, no, no.
We have to consider every possibility.
Is there anyone
who might have wanted to harm her?
You don't live here,
so you don't know.
Everyone loved Wendy.
She volunteered at the church.
She ran a group for kids.
I was the big sister,
and I looked up to her.
What about this man who died?
Carl Dunlap. Did she know him?
- I don't think so.
- Wendy was in real estate.
Carl was an architect.
Business dealings?
If they had worked together,
I would've heard the name.
Agent Sambora,
if someone did this to my sister...
...find out who.
Nobody was back here but Wendy.
No.
But I was only gone for a minute.
Can't crank these things
past a certain temperature, am I wrong?
If it started to blow a fuse or something,
it would have shut down.
Hmm.
You're saying
this couldn't have happened.
Basically, I'm saying
it couldn't have happened.
Insurance adjusters already did that.
Thanks for the heads-up.
Wait. What kind of a coin?
Not American.
I don't know where it's from.
It was wedged
back behind one of those machines.
Somebody could've dropped it.
They don't have pockets...
...in those robe thingies you wear.
Ha.
- I didn't realize you're a spa expert.
- Shut up. I observe. With my eyes.
Yeah. Whatever you say.
So it must be some kind
of hex talisman?
- Uh, maybe.
- All right. Pick me up.
Why don't you run home, Lance?
- Dean...
- Yeah, I'll be there in a bit.
Sounds good.
- All right. Catch you later.
- All right. I'll see you.
Aw, come on...
No. Unh.
No.
What do we know about the vic?
Dewey Stevens.
Owner, Dewey Stevens Construction.
Biggest outfit in town.
Rotarian, Methodist, tenor...
...blue ribbon pecan pie champ,
asthmatic.
We're a close-knit community.
So this, um, pillar of the community...
...he was taking a leak
before he, uh, sprung a few?
The crew had gone for the day.
Site was shut down.
Anything unusual
besides the nails in the eyes?
Well, we're still trying to figure out
where they plugged in the nail gun.
Seeing as there's no generator
on the truck.
When you figure that out, let me know.
So another victim everybody likes.
Not everybody.
Another physically impossible death.
- You got any ideas?
- Cirque du Soleil?
Oh, I, uh, found another one of these...
...like at the, uh,
hair dryer-slash-brain roast.
And I found a connection
with all the vics.
Uh, e-mail logs show Wendy,
the real estate chick...
...uh, Carl, the architect, and Dewey
were working...
...on a shopping center project together.
Why didn't we know about that?
It all fell apart.
There are these e-mails, hot and heavy,
then, suddenly, they just stopped.
So everybody working on this project
has died?
Well, not yet. Um...
They were working with a developer.
A guy named Don Stark.
Don Stark? Why do I know that name?
Man,
this Stark guy is really plugged in, huh?
So all the players
in this shopping center project...
...have either fried, boiled
or kebabbed.
He could be next.
Really? From a freaking flask?
What are you, Bad Santa?
- On the job?
- We're always on the job.
Bobby e-mailed back.
I sent him pics
of those coins you found.
He says the writing
is Romanian Cyrillic...
...used only
in the mid-15th to the 19th century.
- Apparently, an antique Walachian ducat.
- So we're looking for an old Romanian?
You know what?
Is it just me or is this really weird?
Huh.
I've seen this once before.
Plants are all dead in one spot.
- Where?
- A bus bench...
...with Wendy Goodson's picture
on it.
I'm no expert, but I don't think
plants are supposed to act like this.
If the Bureau is involved,
I assume all three were murdered.
It's looking that way, yes.
Mr. Stark, you had a relationship
with all three victims, correct?
Oh, I knew them in business circles,
sure.
And you were all involved
in a shopping center project.
Why did that fall through?
Uh, these things happen.
Oh, Jenny.
These gentlemen are from the FBI.
- Jenny Klein, my assistant.
- Hi there.
I'm off to the cleaners, then I'm gonna
stop at Beaman, Beaman and Beaman...
- ...for the revised contracts.
- Hurry back.
- Things fall apart without you.
- Heh.
- Oh, I baked you some cupcakes.
- Mm-hm.
- Coconut, heh.
- Heh.
Coconut. You're too good to me.
- I'll see you soon.
- Yeah.
- She bakes cupcakes.
- Yummy.
Could you point me to the restroom?
I had a bit too much java.
- Yeah. Around the corner, down the hall.
- Thanks.
So, uh, usually in cases like these...
Are there cases like these?
You'd be surprised.
Uh, we start out with the basics.
You have any business rivals?
Sure. Tons.
You know, real estate's brutal.
Well, that was easy.
Heh, on the other hand,
I've demonstrated my love for this town.
I think it's safe to say
I'm respected for what I've done here.
And one of my real treasures.
"To Don. Take no prisoners.
D. Trump."
- The Trumpster, wow.
- Heh.
Like I said,
success breeds fierce competition...
...but in the end,
everyone here respects and admires me.
Including your wife?
It's just we heard the two of you
are splitting up.
Yeah, that's, uh, what we heard.
Yeah. Maggie and I are going through
a tough time.
It's a separation. Temporary.
Sometimes, you know, you grow apart.
It's no one's fault.
How would you describe the, uh, issues
between you and your wife?
It's just one of those
marital misunderstandings, you know.
No, I'm sorry, I don't.
It's one of those vague,
hard-to-define passages.
She caught you cheating, huh?
I couldn't help but notice, uh,
things were kind of cordial...
...between you and your assistant.
Heh.
Pretty good with the ladies there.
- It's a blessing and a curse, isn't it?
- I'm a people person.
And I admire dynamic,
confident women.
Admire?
Okay, look, it's true,
I had a recent little thing...
...with a business associate.
That's all it was.
- A thing.
- Yeah.
Like a shoe or a golf club.
- A waffle iron.
- Yeah.
Yeah. See, Don, uh,
wives generally think of an affair...
...as something more than a thing.
Yes. When Maggie found out...
...she needed some time off.
Temporarily.
Mm. Now, if we were to guess...
...that the, uh, business associate
was Wendy Goodson...
...would we win the trip to Maui?
No. Her death had nothing to do
with the affair.
It was over long before her accident.
If it was an accident.
You're not implying
Maggie was behind this.
No, we're not implying anything.
We're just saying you should be careful.
And take her to dinner and apologize.
Yeah. And grovel.
Wouldn't hurt.
Found a bunch of hex junk in her stuff.
Clearly her thing.
The empty closet didn't seem
like she was coming back any time soon.
So Don admires Wendy. Biblically.
Wendy dies weird...
...and the scorned wife
is into the dark stuff.
While Don is just in the dark.
Hmm. It's kind of like Bewitched.
Don's the Darrin.
Doesn't even know it.
A lot of laughs
until, uh, you cheat on your wife.
Heh, Bewitched reference. Really?
Dude,
Nicole Kidman was in the remake.
- Redhead. Hello.
- Look at these dead plants.
Oh. Kind of like the real estate
lady's place. And Don's statue thing.
If she's strong enough...
...just being pissed off is enough
to send some bad vibes their way.
Literally kill off everything around her
just by PMSing at it?
Eeh. That's not creepy at all.
Bobby. Hey, it's Dean. Listen...
Winchester. Yeah, very funny.
So we need, uh, our kind of Terminix.
A witch.
We're headed over to her place
to get you more specifics.
So if you could just, uh...?
Ye... Thank...
He's on it.
Don. Keep it in your pants, man.
All circuits are busy.
Mrs. Stark.
Can I have a moment?
Of course. Um, would you mind
coming back in, say, a half an hour?
- Bad time right now.
- It's very important I talk to you.
Of course, I'm happy to.
I'm just in the middle of an emergency...
...so please come back. Thank you.
Sorry, uh...
Restless leg syndrome.
Spoiler alert. Jenny Klein's next.
Swiped her photo off a hex deck...
...but Maggie is gonna know this is gone,
eventually.
We gotta get over to Jenny's.
Find the coin. Now!
Come on, Sam!
Okay.
There were tiny beating hearts
in my cupcakes.
There were hearts in my cupcakes.
Hearts in my cupcakes.
That's never happened before!
Hearts in my cupcakes!
- Should I slug her?
- Give it a second.
Oh, my God.
- What just happened?
- You were hexed.
Hexed?
Who are you people?
- What the hell do I do?
- You go in there...
...and you pack a bag,
you get in your car, and you go.
- Go where?
- It doesn't matter.
Five or 600 miles ought to do it.
You got someone powerful real pissed,
and they're trying to get rid of you now.
In line with that, you might wanna
cool things with Don Stark.
Don Stark?
- What are you talking about?
- You and Don?
You know.
"You know"?
There's no "you know."
No?
Don Stark is my boss.
That's it.
Heh, he's married, for God's sakes.
Yeah, well.
Heh, me and Don Stark. Ew.
What are you doing?
Bunch these tables more in the middle.
- Give me more air between paintings.
- Can you sign for the flowers?
- I checked them.
- Thank you, Sue.
- What would I do without you?
- I like helping. What are best friends for?
It's just been so tough to focus
with Don, the whole mess.
- Like he put a knife right in your heart.
- Yes.
- Was I wrong to tell you about Wendy?
- No, no.
You think I want you to stand by
and watch him make a fool of me?
I love you for what you did.
I love you too.
No, no. The still life doesn't go there.
It goes on the left side.
So, uh, we're gonna need, uh, one
centerpiece on each of the tables...
...and two in the back.
- Don.
- Where's my wife?
You mean
the one who's divorcing you?
I know you can hardly wait
till I'm out of the picture.
It's been a thrill whispering lies
into Maggie's ear.
Oh, but they weren't lies,
were they, Don?
I made one mistake. One.
I sincerely doubt that.
Heh, this is between Maggie and me.
Nothing to do with you.
What do you want, Don?
I'd like to speak with you.
Make it quick.
Okay.
I think I've been patient.
You've had your fun.
Very creative, the thing with Wendy.
But enough is enough.
No, Don, enough is not enough.
Not even close.
What do you want?
My oysters on a tray?
- Now that you mention it.
- The fact is, none of this was my fault.
Maybe if you'd been around more.
But between the art and the charity
and that evil bitch, Sue...
...I was edged out of your life.
Oh, boohoo, Mr. Big-Shot.
Mr. L-Gotta-Put-My-Name-
on-Every-Public-Works-in-Town.
- You...
- Three of us in this marriage:
Me, you and your ego.
That was the problem, Don.
So excuse me,
I have a charity event to arrange.
Two FBI agents came by.
Asking questions.
Hunters, sweetheart.
That's what they are.
I can see you're terribly concerned
for my safety.
- But don't worry, I'll take care of it.
- Maggie.
This stops. You hear me?
As of now.
You're so cute when you try to tell me
what to do.
Okay, now she's just getting nasty.
Killing the girlfriend is one thing,
but his commemorative bust?
- Heh.
- That's gotta hurt.
She'll take the whole town out.
She doesn't care who gets in the way.
Bobby, what do you got?
Yeah? You think it will take her out?
All right.
I don't need to write it down.
I'll remember. Go ahead.
Mm-hm.
The... Wh... Wait, hang on, hang on.
Yeah?
Wait. Wh...? Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Okay. What was the, uh...?
What was that last one?
Right. Uh-huh.
I'll remember. Yeah. It's fine.
Hello, everyone.
And thanks for coming.
Most of you know...
...that philanthropy and art
are my two passions.
But what we've... Not there.
Where is the ice?
People will be here in seconds.
What we've assembled here
may be my crowning achievement.
Not to be immodest, heh.
See? I told you.
Everything's perfect.
Yeah. You just reminded me.
I have to check
on the finger sandwiches.
Dude, pie.
- That's...
- Chicken feet. Like the recipe calls for.
- Butcher's fridge is down.
- I can smell that.
Uh, says the power's been wonky,
lost so much product...
...probably won't make rent.
Ditto every shop.
- Nothing but burst pipes and blackouts.
- Oh.
He says
it's like the town ran out of luck.
- So coincidence, right?
- Uh...
Yeah.
We're past the point of dead flowers.
What can I say,
I guess the witch is pissed.
All right, uh...
Better get a move on. You just...
Can you take the feet?
Yes.
To us.
I couldn't have done it without you.
That is disgusting!
No.
Not my paintings!
Maggie...
...what is going on?
He did this.
How could he?
He knew what this meant to me.
Do you mean Don?
Don rigged all this?
- Yes.
- But how?
Just trust me, he wants to hurt me.
I told you. He's a dick.
We'll get through this.
You have people who love you...
...and he can't take that away
from you.
Fine, Donald.
It's war.
What the hell?
Whoa.
Cleanup on aisle seven.
Let's do it.
I don't guess she'd
do this to her auction.
Obviously, it was someone
who hated her guts...
...and wanted her party trashed.
Don Stark.
So the mister is a witch himself.
We got not just one pissed off witch,
we got two.
- Full-on War of the Roses.
- Bewitched got a lot less funny.
Just like when they switched Darrins.
Where is she?
She'll be here.
Been throwing thunderbolts...
...at each other's favorite toys.
Nothing left to destroy but each other.
- This is basically ground zero.
- I hope so.
We need them both in the same place
if we take them down.
Screens up, captain.
- Want one, sweetie?
- Shove it.
We are so having it out. Right now.
Let me guess. Chicken feet?
Not chilled?
For obvious reasons,
you won't be leaving this room.
Well, you will be leaving...
...just not alive.
Maggie?
Okay, plan B.
- What's plan B?
- Talking.
Now? Really?
Obviously a domestic dispute.
If you can't kill them...
...counsel them.
Yeah. You know what? Not my area.
Okay, okay, okay. Uh, heh.
Obviously, you two are capable
of wiping each other out.
Right? But you haven't.
Huh?
Which means that you two...
...you still value
whatever it is you've got.
And you wanna keep that dance
going.
Maybe it's punishment.
Maybe it's sick, messed up, erotic...
...kinky,
clamps and feathers kind of love.
Okay. That's going way too deep there,
cowboy.
Look, what he's trying to say
is that you two...
...whatever it is you have,
you're bonded.
Are you out of your mind?
He cheated on me. Humiliated me.
We're not trying to say
what Don did was right.
When a relationship cracks,
usually both parties have a hand in it.
Indeed.
You're defending him.
Okay, okay, okay,
look, nobody can defend Don.
Right? Totally.
But, uh, we get that you feel betrayed
because you were.
Don't suck up to her.
I was betrayed. By all of them.
Carl introduced you to Wendy.
Dewey covered for you.
Wendy did you.
Okay, okay, look.
I gotta say
I don't think Don was lying...
...when he said
he regrets the whole Wendy thing.
Thing.
Sit down.
Affair. That's right. Terrible.
The only thing he regrets
is getting caught.
Wendy was nothing to me.
It was over as soon as it started.
She was part of a pattern.
I've had 800 years of this.
- Don't make me bring up the Renaissance.
- Oh, oh! You're one to talk.
That 1492 ring any bells?
The man was about to set sail! He could
fall off of the edge of the Earth.
I took pity. So, what's your excuse?
I told you.
Nothing happened with the Medici chick.
- You've always been insanely jealous.
- Oh, I wonder why.
- Jenny, Wendy.
- Jenny? Nothing happened with Jenny.
- She's just my assistant.
- Heh.
It's true. She, uh... She told us.
Just an assistant.
- Is that true?
- Yes. I swear it, babe.
I would never.
I made a mistake.
I'm sorry, Maggie.
See? See?
Guys. Guys.
You're talking.
All these years, you buried your anger
and your disappointment.
Till it tore you apart.
All you needed to do was talk.
And I would've missed the nuking
my melon just took. Who wants that?
- Nice touch.
- Thank you.
He's right.
I couldn't kill you.
All I ever wanted is you, Mags.
I've been crushing on you
since forever.
You're the woman
I wanna never grow old with.
I could never murder you either, Don.
It's crazy...
...but true.
Somebody wanna call these things
off?
Excuse me.
- Oh, give me a break.
- I didn't say anything.
It's been a long day.
And it's not over yet.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Dean.
- Do we know you?
- I know you.
You're the dead guys.
Well, you will be in a minute.
Sorry. You're a bit outmatched.
Don.
Wow, thank you. We owe you.
Good God, what is that thing?
- I guess we should be figuring that out.
- It is on our to-do list.
You know, uh, find a bottomless pit
and drop it in.
That spell will only last
for a few days.
Uh, what are you even doing here?
Uh, apparently, saving your lives.
Twice.
Got it.
- Maggie? Seriously?
- She was gonna kill us?
- We saved your damn marriage.
- Yeah.
But, to be fair,
you also tried to kill her.
You know how she is
when she gets a bug up her ass.
Gotta love her, right?
Right.
Bottomless pit.
Ciao.
Yeah. He's ready for transport.
I just hope you got some place
you can put him, Bobby.
All right.
We should hit the road.
You ready?
Were you, uh?
Were you listening
to the Starks tonight?
Uh, when I wasn't getting slammed
into a wall or stung by bees.
You notice how they, uh?
How they opened up?
Got everything off their chest?
Kudos on selling them that crap.
Heh, it wasn't crap, Dean. It worked.
Sam, I am so very, very, very tired...
Like it or not, the stuff you don't
talk about doesn't just go away.
It builds up.
Whatever is eating at you right now...
There's always something eating
at me.
It's who I am.
Something happens, I feel responsible.
All right?
Uh, the Lindbergh baby, that's on me.
- Unemployment, my bad.
- Not what I'm talking about.
- What the hell are you talking about?
- Whatever you're not telling me about.
Look, Dean, it's fine.
You can unload.
That's kind of what I'm here for.
I mean...
We're good, right?
We're good.